Hello dear friends with you
gameplay my name is Yuri Aksenov and this
review on the new year of the company glu mobile
called contract killer
sniper is the third part of the series and let's
let's see what's new here than it is better
the second part she will do at the end
any conclusions on this toy
toy like the previous two parts
distributed free of charge represents
she is a shooting range and of course there is
Donat but in principle you can play without
him
what are the innovations here
we now have a base
the base is generating us diamonds per hour 100
pieces but maybe it can be improved
and so let the diamonds be
earn faster recommended
always take diamonds because
you may be attacked and then your options
kidnap what can you do for defense
bases you can increase the amount
guards installs additional
turrets increase player health and
there is also a base economics section
which actually and increase the production
the very amount of crystals you are
will receive during the allotted
time you are also in beer mode and peak
can attack other players and
totally real and capture them
bases and pick them up crystals yourself
Generally such a novelty that not
was neither in the first and in the second part she
let's look at companies in mode
the company has such a map
peace and in principle missions here will be by
the whole world everywhere you will need
perform various tasks
what type of mission there is here
mission type kill all kill and
certain person that is
given goal to destroy objects on
certain costs and also more
let's say there are missions where you need to lay
the bomb and everything around these missions will
spin and spin as you see
some missions blue some red
what is different on the red mission to us
not enough power to us
you will need to upgrade it to
we got the opportunity to go to
this mission
blue mission open and in them we can
participate so here is our goal to kill
some character for example here i am
aim to destroy all enemies so that
we are here on well here also kill one
of the enemies for each mission will be
reward in the form of experience and money
respectively
experience is needed to discover
new weapons and money is needed for
to naturally buy weapons and
do upgrades as well as here
various items that will help you
make it easier to pass
A grenade launcher is a knife with which you
can silently eliminate
opponents well and basically everything is so
let's go ahead and look at the fact
what do we have here we can with
using the slider to move away
scope we can clean and when you
point for example a sight at
any of your enemies right away
who is identified for example
sniper commando
Well, in general, other types of characters
which here naturally have
each of these types of character are available
someone has his own life more
and someone more powerful weapons well and here in
such a spirit is also in each unit
there are various so to speak
features for example well in general you are me
understood it already said a hundred times and so here
this baptist we need him
eliminate how we can eliminate we
can shoot at him and kill we can
wait for the moment for example when he
any gas barrels will do
or for example to the car blow it up so
most neutralize it in general like this
here we can act move moves in in
a lot of game and everyone will choose exactly
which he wants I suggest probably
just kill him yes good to me
it turned out the Baptist runs away and I hike
screwed up the mission I did not think that he
will run away
and no watch he just took his
position and his position on
far so he runs and
get on it is quite complicated
distressed and at the time his henchmen
begin to attack on me and therefore very
important all the same in this game in the calculation
payment
if you hurry and will act
since acting is a high probability
the fact that your mission will be overwhelmed and
you lose the graphics level in the game
the toy has grown significantly
look much prettier than she
looked and before that it certainly plus
to the game at the expense of optimization with optimization
In principle, all the same normal toy
everything goes without lags without glitches
quickly loaded and play in principle one
pleasure is the only minus as
probably a minus from all games like
genre in the monotony of gameplay
because all missions are like one to
another and with time probably all the same
play this game get bored but since
the game is free so it is in principle and
and probably justifies because you
do not spend anything when you get bored
just can with a clear conscience
peace of mind and and quit basically
not bad there with donat which is not
strongly at least gives on the initial
stages
with a new vision of video base defense and
by the way, energy is only needed for
attacks on
bases of other players and for passing
campaigns
energy is not needed in general
quite balanced and here the system
Donata so you can play shoot
you can set bombs to war and
by killing enemies in general a good shooting range
who liked swing but who doesn't love
cheese and then do not swing everything while with you
I was Yuri Aksenov